- fast forwards to the darkness
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to slash forward the channel
will we provide summarization and
commentary and all your favorite popular
and obscure horror movies in this video
we're going back to camp to take a look
at the 1988 film cheerleader camp
originally titled bloody pom-poms this
movie got stuck in distribution limbo
undergoing a name change before being
released straight to video
all that despite the fact that the film
has the combined star power of a 1988
lathe Garrett and Lucinda Dickey of
break in and break into Fame apparently
this just wasn't enough but at least we
know we can be certain of two things
this movie will contain some acting and
at least one dance sequence now let's
quietly observe how well they integrated
these elements into the movie we open on
an unusual scene as Allison our main
character and titular cheerleader is
seen wandering around a dark empty
locker room she's searching for
something and we hear a faint chant
indicating there's a crowd waiting
impatiently for her she employs the
worst possible method for finding things
by running around and opening lockers at
random despite this she manages to find
her own locker what you know they have
numbers for a reason she quickly gets
changed into her cheerleader outfit
wasting no time with any sort of
appropriate supportive garments she has
fans to please
unfortunately we find out that the only
fans awaiting her are her parents making
the broad choice incredibly regrettable
we can surmise that we've happened upon
Alice in the middle of a nightmare
sequence and she proceeds to utterly
fail at completing the simplest of sheer
routines the disapproval of her parents
is palpable
while working through her nurse her arm
gets Krueger but determined to finish
her cheer she continues on however it
seems to be implied that her slash marks
came from her now sentient pom-poms
which appear to be bent on punishing
substandard performances as they
promptly consume her when she wakes up
we find out she's been sleeping in a van
occupied by her cheer squad and was
being creepily videotaped by Timmy the
team's lovable goofy [ __ ] his role
throughout the film of you to walk the
razor's edge of comedic relief and
insatiable voyeurism a heavy burden for
sure we find out that the Vans being
driven by the leif Garrett so we can
only assume they're on their way to hell
as it turns out late playing Brent's is
driving the crew to a cheerleading
competition which takes the form of a
week-long summer camp if you were raised
on the plethora of competitive
cheerleading movies we've been blessed
with over the last decade or so this
movie is going to be like peering into a
dark grey world of pain and despair as
they roll up we get a view of the
competition and things are looking
pretty good for
if they have even a moderate amount of
training Timmy decides to start this
party off right by presenting us with
what can be described as an objectively
huge ass it literally fills the window
and him getting stuck is possibly the
most believable part of the movie mist
hipped and the head of the competition
who we later come to find out is also
the sole judge at this lightly staffed
event comes up to check the group in
give them some instruction and contract
a raging case of conjunctivitis next we
get a little set up on the events and
character development to come it's not
initially clear but Austin and Brent are
actually dating despite this Brent
immediately begins to openly flirt with
other girls while Pam makes an odd
comment about how to keep one's man from
going with another gal she looks like
the one to beat if you want to be queen
no one to beat up if you want to keep
your man is it unreasonable to expect
him to act like a decent human being we
learned from the groundskeeper pop that
no matter how many employees that can't
pass at least one of them has to be
super scuzzy and then Brent gets shut
down by Suzy the girls then find
themselves back in their room where they
immediately turn on each other for the
sake of winning the Queen competition we
find out that Alison is taking
prescription pills presumably for her
sleep issues and we're introduced to
Lucinda Dickies character Cory who plays
the team mascot a position that is
apparently required but this seems to be
almost universally reviled unpacked and
ready to relax a group of girls goes
down to the river to sunbathe on top of
sand boulders like a bunch of lizards in
a beer commercial there are no
lifeguards on duty to keep things safe
but that's ok because the sheriff is
helpfully keeping an eye on them from
behind some tall grasses so it's not to
make them uncomfortable by his greasy
Vistage the girls have a conversation
that reveals Suzy is considered a
shoo-in to win the aforementioned Queen
competition wanting to one-up her Pam
decides to take off her top as well to
win votes
who's voting for this competition and
who is she trying to persuade here do
the other ladies base their votes on
toplessness
anyway getting creeped on from all sides
timmy surreptitiously filming the group
accidentally makes a noise that
announces his presence but don't worry
he came prepared with an excuse and a
disguise unfortunately for him no one's
fooled he gets stripped down and makes
his escape by drowning himself in the
river Oh
I guess he's just swimming away you know
you're all gonna end up back at the same
place right back at camp the squads are
getting in
and practice sessions and then were
treated to a fade to read until see many
of those nowadays and it leads straight
to Allison sleeping quietly dreaming of
all the parts in the movie we just
watched she wanders outside in a fugue
state and makes her way to an adjacent
cabin where she finds Suzy dead pop jump
scares her and then casually observes
the body after the campers get their
fill and Timmy finishes his film project
miss Tipton runs everyone off and
instructs her employees to hurry up and
clean things up yeah I'm not sure
they're qualified to properly handle a
dead body and shouldn't the police be
involved in this we get an immediate
transition into a camp meeting to
discuss the tragedy Tipton presented
with an opportunity to redeem herself
takes the opposite route and assails the
campers with a strange speech about
Suzy's personal demons it's only vaguely
anti-suicide and partially anti Susie
for some reason anyway the girls were
tired of their cabin to discuss the
possibility of foul play something that
they suspect for no discernible reason
and then poach wait this conversation
with a little dirty talk meanwhile
Timmy's watching his archival footage of
the now-deceased Suzie demonstrating
that there are indeed no limits to the
depths he's willing to plunge and
pursuit of his voyeuristic desires Cori
and Alice and have their own
conversation about the events of the day
and the pressures of trying to live
one's best life as a cheerleader Cori
performs some acting
and questions whether Allison was
jealous of Susie casting aspersions in
her direction
Allison already full of doubt about her
saamne ballistic activities and
wondering about her own strengths and
capabilities ceremoniously cleanses
herself of guilt but to no avail as she
raises her face to reveal a Bloody Mary
style reflection of her soul cut to the
next morning's jam sesh and the whole
gang is together practicing their
routine we've come to find out that the
two guys on the squad aren't only
baseman as they spit bars the likes of
which have never been heard accompanied
by some sick beats okay okay stop please
I can't even listen to this ironically
the lyrics are essentially about how
good of a cheer squad they are I don't
agree but apparently the performance is
so explosive it makes pop [ __ ]
himself with a garden hose look at him
there I'll covered in that sweet sweet
honey meanwhile the mascots have been
relegated to a strange sort of boot camp
that involves them completing mundane
daily tasks rendered nearly impossible
by their costumes like eating lunch with
their head masks on prior to this we've
only seen implications of the general
negative attitude toward the mascots but
this clearly demonstrates that they
occupy in an odd space in this movie
they're part of each team but
universally hated by everyone including
their own team why are they even there
does eating lunch that way make them
better mascots somehow Allison checks
back in with Brent you mean now that his
third partners die she heads back to the
kitchen for a refreshing glass of milk
and has Susie's body roll on to her they
were keeping her on ice in the walk-in
gross this is by far the worst code
violation of any can't movie we've
discussed the police finally show up but
it's officer peeps so you know something
sketchy is going down we find out that
the ice box solution was only temporary
miss Tipton just wanted to keep her
children till the week was over so it's
not to ruin camp she would have reported
it just in time for Susie's parents to
momentarily wonder why she didn't get
off the bus at pickup this plan sounds
good to the sheriff so we temporarily
keep things contained to the camp we
find out that this question of a plan
was approved because the sheriff and
missed it and have a weird thing going
on between them a fact revealed in one
of the most Awkward but encouraging
[Music]
sex scenes ever I'm using air quotes
around sex here this scene was not
edited in a way that gives me any
confidence that they achieve more than a
mere dry humping of course timmy is
filming this he returns to Brent
graphically stuffing his underwear they
have a brief conversation and then were
brought back to Alison's snooping around
shouldn't she be practicing or something
anyway she's rooting around in an old
utility shed when she's forced to duck
behind a refrigerator as pop comes in
she's real nervous about being caught
but it's not exactly clear why I mean
the shed was unlocked maybe she just
needed to borrow a rusty thresher pop
grabs his afternoon beer and gets back
to work we're then treated to a
confounding conversation that takes
place in front of a mirror what the hell
are you on about Alison has a flower
pick and walk with Cory where she shares
her confusing life philosophy who do you
win for out there you got to be sure
what we're doing is what we want to be
doing before we figure out who wants
what person crazy really she seems to be
an or positive mind space and then we
find ourselves back in the main cabin
lobby for a multimedia presentation from
miss Tipton however the event is
hijacked by Timmy who patches in the
alleged sex tape which is enough to
drive the audience absolutely nuts
Timmy expresses his self-satisfaction as
the group disperses and Alison has a
chat with Brent she's not happy with his
flirtatious nature and we find out that
basically everyone wants a piece of him
he lays all fears and confirms his
dedication to monogamy with an epic kiss
how's that mediocre at best and then
takes advantage of this goodwill by
trying to pressure Allison into laying
with him this goes predictably bad and
they resume being the
boyfriend-girlfriend pair that never
actually spends any time together they
go to find the warm comfort of their
respective roommates where Bret whines
like a selfish little [ __ ] Cory turns
lights out on Allison while she sobs
into her pillow
another fade to red but now we're an
Allison his dream for sure is she
watches pan get some daytime sex with
Brent in front of a crowd of
enthusiastic perverts despite this
Allison is up the next morning looking
rested as the group practices their
routine unfortunately a blocking mistake
causes Allison to take a tumble and the
jolt brings her dream rushing to the
forefront of her mind
Allison remembering what she dreamt
about and holding Pam responsible for
the actions in which she partook during
the dream recently remembered of her by
Allison and for within which she clearly
has sufficient reason for blame Allison
obviously gets mad at her for this and
runs off seems reasonable the squad
decides to cool off by the river on
their lizard rocks and Brent decides to
ramp up his shittiness by openly
flaunting his flirtations with Pam
giving her a sensual massage in front of
everyone the group disbands leaving
Brent and Pam alone this leads system
kissing followed by Brent's go-to move
of applying an urgent and desperate
pressure for sex when this doesn't work
Brent storms off in huff Pam almost
immediately regrets this however and
attempts to prove Brent wrong by
submitting to his desires what do you
know it worked Brent she doesn't manage
to find him though before receiving the
worst kind of haircut imaginable an
unsolicited one then we fade to read in
another nightmare sequence we see Pam
getting sliced by pom-poms which is the
only reason the beginning sequence is
now understandable Alison wakes to corey
hovering over her in the dark and
wearing her full mascot costume for some
reason she starts grabbing for her pills
when Corey tries to persuade her to stop
yeah if those are doctor prescribed you
should probably keep your opinions to
yourself
cut to a conversation that provides us
the most notable quote from Bonnie oh
yeah and then we get on to the big show
the official cheer competition we've
been working on not very hard but when
we've been able to find time here and
there over the last few days we start
with the mascot competition where
Lucinda is finally able to cast off the
chains that bind her and spread her
wings in flight
oh well I guess it's hard to get the
moves to read when draped in full
head-to-toe mascot regalia during the
sequence we get a brief glimpse of Timmy
expressing sympathy toward Allison about
her bad dreams a brief respite from his
nearly constant sexual predation back to
the competition where Cory is clearly
robbed hey none of those other mascots
were classically trained dancers the fix
is obvious when we see that they're
voting by applause a technique used
almost exclusively to allow the judges
to manipulate the outcome Allison has
more doubts about whether she has been
sleep killing people and then back to
the contest were five squads of 40 year
old high school cheerleaders compete on
a fireplace in a cabin lobby that holds
25 people max we get to our squads turn
but the team has doubts now forced to
take the stage one member down having
never found Pam Brent gives a speech of
his life to rally the troops as they
take the stage I honestly thought this
is where Corey would step in insist she
knew the routine by heart and save the
day but this movie defies all
conventions they begin doing the dance
of the Dead engaging in a routine that
we never saw them practice despite the
signals your eyes are sending to your
brain right now
the parties present at the event seemed
to be momentarily enjoying the show
popping the chef's are grooving then
Timmy pulls a Timmy and severely
herniate several discs as he falls on
pop all that rallying and it's over as
quickly as it began hey they may be
losers but at least Timmy's having fun
you maniac miss Tipton is understandably
upset that they're making a mockery of
her little cheer thing but it's
explained that they had to use a
different routine due to being a member
down without Pam what after all we've
been through this movies now filling
potholes we then move on to the final
competition and the last chance for the
team to redeem themselves
Brent tells Bonnie and Alison - pretty
themselves up and do their best
without the sexpot Pam it's on them to
be the most sexually alluring
cheerleaders to the other cheerleaders
of course as this cheer competition
turns into a beauty pageant
another applause vote allows Tipton to
choose whomever she'd like since each
team is likely just cheering for their
own member causing us to ponder what are
we trying to prove here and why is any
of this worth improperly handling a dead
body thankfully Bonnie wins for the team
and manages to bring some level of
redemption afterward they're all treated
to a full band performance which has to
be awkward for the musicians since
they're only about 20 people in
attendance amidst the partying Brent
realizes that Teresa is now also gone
having left to find Pam so he goes to
find her Cory goes off to help in a
search and pop clothes to keep an eye on
them
Yeah right that's what I just said while
walking normally Teresa takes an
unnecessary tumble pop describes what he
finds so distasteful about the kids
gross but that's also why you've been
creeping on them right anyway Teresa
sees someone resting against the tree so
she falls down again as she approaches
despite the fact that she's approaching
from the front she doesn't see the state
of Pam until we do thanks editor sharing
this experience makes me feel closer to
Teresa shocked by the sight of Pam
regurgitating a pair of hedging shears
she immediately flees and is promptly
run down by your team's van as she takes
the ill-advised tactic of standing
directly in front of a tree hey Timmy
slow down man Alison and Brent discussed
their next steps Brent wants to search
tomorrow trying to convince Alison that
the sheriff can't do anything to help
them Timmy gets absolutely lint has a
brief and awkward interaction with
another cheerleader before hauling her
off like a caveman this character is
listed in the credits as Timmy's
girlfriend but I'm not convinced he's
not just racking up another felony
offense I mean seriously who decided
Timmy was ready for a sleepaway camp
this guy needs constant supervision we
return to Brent and Alison to find out
that Brent doesn't want the sheriff
there because he assumes he'd be a
suspect
good looking out Brent at this point
everyone's a suspect meanwhile miss
Tipton decides to take a drunken
midnight trail walk to find the missing
girls and gets herself poked in the back
by an unknown object
Timmy shows up back at the party with
his hands drenched in blood Wells friend
grins like Cesar Romero we discover that
he's found Teresa but with her insides
on the outside so are we to assume that
Timmy dipped his hand in there Alison
runs into miss Tipton who finally falls
over to reveal she has meat cleaver in
her back they really do try to cast
insinuations about every character in
this movie
Brent finally stepping up notifies the
crowd of the situation and provides
useful instructions the camp immediately
clears out so we can have a proper
horror movie ending as the main
characters are forced to stay behind
since they're all split up Brent goes
off to group up and pulls off his epic
pratfall without a double then they all
find each other and attempt to leave
only to find that the Vans been
sabotaged the closest town is 40 miles
away but they all agree that walking is
better than dying so they do that
instead of the other
Timmy shows that he can't hold it
together even under the threat of death
as he blows off steam by joking and
filming pop catches up with him and
forces them back to the camp with logic
go on back now Oh as the group fleas
Timmy decides to take a break to start
vlogging experience your moment Timmy
shotgun yes it is
Brent tries to go help Timmy but only
finds his camera they decide to see if
there any clues to his fate by watching
the tape in a scene that clearly rips
off the screen franchise for what feels
like the tenth time the movie shows us
footage we've already had the pleasure
of viewing until we get to the end and
discover that Timmy is all good he just
peed dropped his sack of wet sausages
and then bent down to dust them off if
you think you're ready for a resolution
now think again this movie's ending is
just getting started as a group against
to set a booby trap and Pop's shed
assuming that he was Timmy's killer they
lie in wait to spring their foolproof
trap success oh wait the bear trap the
sheriff Brent decides to end this once
and for all grabbing an accent going to
chop down a tree he's confronted by pop
who's shot by Cory having taken the gun
from the sheriff Alison's flashbacks
raged while Brent does what brent does
best comfort the ladies after a few
chuckles and some wine brent sends off
bonnie and corey so he has an
opportunity to take his prize witness
goes poorly he storms off once again
like a little baby
Cory circles back to find Alison and
tries to convince her that brent is the
killer they go to find him and observe
him standing awkwardly over a now dead
body Cory gives Alison the gun and gets
her all jacked up convincing her to
shoot amidst the excitement which she
does hitting what can only be described
as a miraculous kill shot from this
distance Alison now enters a waking
nightmare as the impact of what she's
done causes her to have a full-on
breakdown while the police and EMTs
arrive
she's carted off and we see Cory giving
in unusual and inaccurate account of the
evenings events as she expresses an
eerie sense of satisfaction in the final
outcome we learned that Alison's fate is
essentially sealed by the detectives who
choose to ignore the concept of due
process
hey this is hard work and they had to
try 40 miles to get here the ambulance
drives off with Alison as we get a slow
reveal that Cory was the killer all
along killing everyone should you get
her hands on after becoming fed up with
being constantly treated like a piece of
human garbage
due to her passion for mascot and that's
it for cheerleader camp the fun
tongue-in-cheek slasher film that seems
like a maven series but could really be
appreciated in either context this is
also a wrap for Lucinda Dickey who
didn't have another starring movie role
after this her acting career had an
interesting cadence being
for movies in the 80s three of them
breakin breakin - and ninja three the
domination were produced by the tireless
schlock powerhouse cannon films and they
were all released in 1984 so three films
in one year then another one four years
later and that's it for doubt although
it's hard to imagine a more distinctive
catalog of credits it's somewhat hard to
find this movie although it does show up
on streaming services from time to time
I recommend you check it out when it's
available
I also hope you enjoy the video thanks
for watching
[Music]
[Applause]